Russia Yes, it’s like this daddy and you look at Ukraine like this girl is breaking her head And you stand licking the ice cream and watch How your dad beats and says I don’t understand Good evening Good evening I’m from the city of Khmelnitsk Ukraine Where are you from From Samara Russia I understood the special operation you support the special operation Well, I’ll say this, I don’t support either side, Ponya. Who do you think is to blame for this war? I think it’s to blame for this war. Well, I don’t know. I think there’s guilt on both sides. What’s the fault in Ukraine? fault in Ukraine there, as far as I know, the Minsk agreements were violated, what was violated, and why are you bombing? I can’t understand why we are bombing. Yes, and what was violated, because of what to bomb? Oh well, I personally haven’t bombed anything yet, of course Well, how can you not bomb? But I’m interested in one question, I come across people from Ukraine. Yes, so they start asking me about the 3 days of the capture of Kyiv, there’s something else about about some children who were killed whom I’ve never seen or spoken about. what 3 days, why ask ordinary people about this, ordinary people? Well, yes, yes, yes. Can you explain to me who ordinary people are, ordinary citizens who are neither military nor political? Uh-huh I understand, interesting, very good question, many ordinary people from Russia don’t understand Why are questions asked to ordinary people? Yeah, that’s a very good question, look, let’s imagine a situation where, for example, a difficult person in your government passed a Decree that uh, all girls over 14 years of age must uh with him at his request, and uh, and all the boys uh there are older. 16 years old, they have a finger, what would you have in the country, what would happen in the country, yes, after the adoption of the law, yes Well, most likely some kind of rallies about I mean, you wouldn’t say, well, well, let them, in short, uh, take away all the women and give the guys a thumbs up, yes Well, yes yes, that is, ordinary people Yes, ordinary people and you, most likely, would also say that it’s my mother who should suffer, and so on, and there would be some kind of rallies Because it doesn’t fit in your head Yes, you think that this is wrong, unfair, yours the state is being acted by your politicians whom you raised the question if your country says Let us attack the neighboring country and bomb it Yeah And if your people, well, how they lived and live like this, that is, they are not bothered by it because this is the example that I said no one goes to rallies Yes, it doesn’t matter Well, you see, you think this is the norm, now you’re going to tell me about the need to overthrow the government I haven’t said anything yet, go ahead No, I’m not saying anything, look, I’m talking about expressing my position You told me I’m neutral I’m not for Tuni for the other side, yes. And for example, in this law, you about you SKA, I don’t want my finger to be beaten off. And my mother. Yes, you would take the side. You see. I’m not saying that we need to overthrow someone, I’m saying that first, as it were it would be necessary to decide on your position, your position is the problem is that I can’t fully decide on it, because of propaganda on both sides, it’s interesting, that is, it turns out that it’s been a year Yes, and you couldn’t, imagine if the government does this experiment that we said and conducts Propaganda Yes, and you also think so, but maybe it’s not clear to me, maybe it would be better for my mother that Putin is there, for example, well, Putin is there, that is, Propaganda needs to be sorted out Well, it seems, It’s just a finger, that’s how many years it takes to figure out propaganda for more years this war has been going on in such an aggressive form How long does it take? Yes, I have no idea. Honestly, I have no idea how much you need. You'll figure it out in 5 years, in 8 years. How long? Well, most likely after all this is over, I'll definitely figure it out. I understand. It's good. maybe you won’t figure it out after graduation, maybe something like that because there may be something that you won’t have after graduation. Well, of course, you see something like that, maybe it could be that anything is right. No, yes, but look, it’s just a human brain he needs it not only in order to make a decision later, but to make a decision now, well, I don’t see any exact facts and arguments for me to take, let’s say in the direction of Ukraine, let’s say straight reinforced concrete, yes, I know how propaganda works for you well, I know how it works for us good and I’m banal You don’t even know which ones to trust Your society doesn’t tell your country Let’s first explain to us We’ll all figure out why you attack Ukraine and then attack So what, I somehow manage society or what am I specifically talking about you? part of society Well, yes, yes, I’m part of society, that is, well, look, you say ask for an explanation correctly Yes, well, you understand that they will explain something or not Well, look, if they don’t explain to you, you don’t understand and your country attacks someone else’s country, then you don’t have a problem the question is just that if the state had explained this to me in concrete terms, I would probably have been at the front right. But the state doesn’t explain it, so you somehow let people into Ukraine. Well, well, that’s how it is. it’s far away, that is, that’s all, but why are you walking down the street like this with your father, for example, and the father says wait, wait a minute, son comes up and takes the reinforcement and starts to some girl So you look like that, dad, the girl on the street with a crowbar on the head Well, damn it I don’t know Or maybe he has some reasons Or maybe this girl there is good, give examples I give examples Yes, I’m the king of examples like I myself get high when I give examples and here you are standing in front of you, you need to make a decision oh dad, wait for the girl, pommm I’ll say and in short Lu plows it Yes, that’s how you felt, I’d probably trust my father, guess what, he then says, Here she is there, I don’t know, let’s say she wanted to want to do something there, I don’t know, something to do Damn, I’m interested in what you would come up with to justify that your dad hits a girl on the head with a crowbar. But I’m wondering what kind of comparison you’ll come up with next. You’re just walking down the street and you see a kitten’s head, uh, you mean that’s it. Yeah, dad decided that the girl wanted to do something, dad hit her on the head with a crowbar. Well, you’re going to extremes rush to extremes I also don’t I really accept you don’t know why dad but dad and you look and don’t say uh dad wait what are you dad says well like it’s necessary Well why not trust correctly you’re such a trusting boy Well yes and to whom And to whom still trust If not yours not yours no look at me my daughter when I was walking with her I want there I’m talking about let’s now for example there I say as a joke there Let’s throw a stone at the window she says No no Tata you’re like you can’t, that is, she has there, she won’t say Oh, come on, Dad, throw it shorter and then you’ll explain to me what you threw at Kama No, what would you do, in your example, let’s say, when your father would have reinforced his head, look, I’m talking about I’m trying to put myself in this place like that I would probably somehow get him Ottawa from this girl Well, as if Look, my dad Let’s leave this out This is what you’re getting at Let’s immediately get to this because look Russia Yes, it’s like this dad, yes And you look like Ukraine this girl is breaking her head And you stand there licking the ice cream and watching Your dad beat you and say I don’t understand This I understand And what are you offering me now I’m not offering anything Uh-huh Well, then the purpose of our conversation now I’m just stating my opinion If you don’t want me to, I found out your opinion, you’re neutral, you don’t know, you don’t understand, you don’t understand And so on, but you don’t understand what you would do, let’s say if you were also walking with your father Yes, and there’s some man standing there too and let’s say something somehow they provoke your father Well, I don’t know, some kind of words there Maybe with the words of a gesture so your father gets into a fight with him your actions so my father gets into a fight My father is the first to fight Well, no, well, he’s provoking your father Well, it provokes like, well, I don’t know, somehow with words, let’s say with some kind of gestures, yes, that is. For example, I’m walking with my father, there’s a guy who wants you. In short, this little guy with headphones is walking by your hand. Yes, you’re there, well you know these street dads, in short, he immediately runs up to his nose and starts hitting him and so on, well, my dad is wrong, he’s hurting your honor. Well, yes, that is, my dad is wrong because he went to fight Yes, according to the law, he’s wrong Well, according to the law Yes, purely morally principles And according to moral principles, I understand that you have You can go ahead No, you wouldn’t How would you behave with your child? Let’s say you’re walking with your son and some guy starts to humiliate you. Well, let’s say a left-wing guy, for example, I don’t know who, let’s say some guy well, an ordinary guy Look, let's do this, I'll model it first, maybe Then we'll take someone else, I'm walking down the street And someone says Hey, then there's a meeting there, what's going on? that is, you don’t want to give up your honor in front of your son, so to speak. Well, no Yes, we are already modeling the rain, yes, well, I don’t really really let it fall on myself, yes, that is, well, then if I really put it down on myself and my son, then no I understand no So you are your dad, you are in the role of a son and a father, too, no, well, he was, yes. So, look, and it turns out I don’t see any reason. Why do I need to go out of my way to prove to my daughter that Look, in short, I defended my Well, this is some kind of nonsense Yes, well, now you’re like a model that’s transferring that Ukraine No, I’m saying you Look at the man who’s yelling something That’s good Let’s go like this Yes, not like an ordinary guy, but just a guy walking and saying Hey you guys there and what would you like? it would be if he sent his sex further in front of your son Well, it’s not very pleasant, well, I would send and go further And what if he provoked like there it means pro-kokt Well, let’s say in words he would say like, well, what do you know provoke you that you can’t come up and give him back or something like that A type of weak like you won’t give me the scoreboard let’s say in words They told him like come here and turn around and leave and he’s like provoking you further Well he says to me in the back you’re in short yes Well yes like A me I’m turning around like that, not me, not that’s funny, dude, funny, well, yes, well, that is, you didn’t answer. That is, they just turned around, I would have gone further, I would have gone further. Yes, that is, [ __ ], if you’re from some guy, you’ll just turn around on the street of the Republic of Tatarstan and to prove to him that you are not, well, not that, but what to prove at least to yourself that you are not right? Well, look, if you know your worth, then for you, this guy’s word means something. That is, if you know your worth, let’s say somehow- then I don’t know, if you’re an intellectual, you think that there’s no need to waste time or effort on explaining to someone, let’s say, yes, all the words of insult must be tolerated. Look, let’s do this now, for example. You’ll say, for example, to the step. Will the step run around looking for them to fill them in? Yes, I think if zat gi No, well, here's the step, he needs to, in short, pay attention to you, run to fill you up What do you think? Well, I'm not personally insulting him, right, it's one thing when I do it on Kama. Come on. So let's say you, let's say, for example, you'll record a video of the step on camera. his daughter is shorter and his son-in-law will run around to beat you up and people like that. Well, you won’t join, let’s say if they do the same thing to yours on camera, they will record the same thing, they will call her some indecent words, VS, for example, well, look, I don’t want to say koho will record a video I think I’ll find a way to make it so that the boys feel a little more offensive Well, he’ll find a way I think, why not, that is, I won’t run around but maybe because you didn’t take it out Why maybe you I don’t know are not physically developed correctly, there are people who are There are people who don’t like fights at all and don’t like to solve the problem. So, I don’t exclude you from this list. Maybe we won’t fight. But there are people who are used to it so well, look again if there is. For example, let’s take a person so the same, the more a person is of some kind in status, so the more people who say that he is, for example, like this Well, let’s say yes yes eh Is there any point in him reacting to every something that flies in his direction I think not Here you are answered your own question Well, agree that these are slightly different things when they insult your relatives in front of your relatives, let’s say you’re in some kind of Zonov-type you know there, that’s it, yes, yes. In Russia there are just Zonov’s concepts that if you were told everything, in short, you should show reply and so on show that you are so fashionable and that’s it You are in this paradigm Well no no you are absolutely wrong, it’s just that it depends rather on the upbringing of moral principles by each person, not only someone has moral principles, let’s say yes I’m ready this is to endure so as not to get into a fight there or something else to pass by Yes, someone no, someone is not ready to endure this to pass by correctly Not quite again, look here we take the same step, how much name-calling people like you do to you I explain that purely as I understand that these are different things when you are insulted personally and [ __ ] on the TV Yes, and at a rally 100,000 people are shouting to the step Let's then model another one, if I go up to him, let's say he comes somewhere and says This is what you are do you think he will remain silent I don’t know Well, I think it’s unlikely I doubt it I think it’s unlikely that it would be useful to give you a step on the scoreboard but it seems to me it seems to me there is such a possibility quite a possibility that gu in short it will be like your hand to those perhaps perhaps you have some kind of tin your self-esteem is too high, he spends more on manicures than your life is worth in short spoiling You must not fall on your face in front of people, now let’s tell us in this model how Ukraine provoked Russia provoked like ROSI Well, Russia asked her not to join the union I asked correctly Well, yes, so when you ask me for something, I have the right to satisfy your request, but I may not satisfy it. I’m not saying anything about it, but I think that when they asked for it, it seems to me that they conveyed it a little. What could be the consequences? Wait Wait Stop let’s ask or threaten like that, when for example they ask you, for example, to come If those head it’s not a request That is, it’s already a threat Well, yes If they say that there are some Consequences, then it’s not a request, it’s a request, it’s me asking you to do something Or you me like that this is a request, that is, well, as I understand, any choice has consequences. That is, it turns out when you are given any choice, this is considered a threat, look again, come on, you’re walking down the street like this, I’m like the king of examples, no, no, you’re walking like this, this guy comes out and says I have a request for you. Give me 200 rubles, please, and if I don’t give you my head, Yes, yes, this is a request. Well, I think that no, it’s more likely not a request, but then Russia asked for something or threatened, I can’t understand. Well, it seems to me that they started. requests Yes, look when someone has a request Yes, the person who is being asked, either the state or any structure there, has the right to decide whether to satisfy the request or not And without any request, it is a request; we, with our good will, can satisfy this request. This is not our responsibility. True Well, yes Yes, there shouldn’t be any consequences if someone there didn’t satisfy the request Uh-huh So let’s move on, what did Ukraine do, they said they asked her, she didn’t satisfy the request And Well, they gave her examples of why, like, she doesn’t need to do this again Well look if they asked for it You asked You were refused It turns out Look I asked you to help me something Yes you refused And I took It So it looks Well apparently yes yes it turns out that way That is, it turns out that Russia is a country Well in a sense, probably yes then now you still have some doubts about who is to blame for the fact that Russia attacked Ukraine. Well, you think like, well, more precisely, Do you think there is some share of Ukraine’s fault in this, look at it: There is a victim and there is an aggressor, everything is just a victim not maybe it’s the aggressor’s fault, it’s already all over, even uh China, just days ago there was a meeting at the UN, and where they recognized Russia as the aggressor, even China voted for it earlier, he just abstained, yes And now he directly voted that Russia is the aggressor And why is it interesting, by the way, Ukraine rejected the request because look when they give me a request Like you felt You felt a threat or that a need like something was approaching or like Look when they give you a request your sovereign right to satisfy it or not to satisfy it is your right absolutely it is an unconditional right therefore Why didn’t they reject anyone should not be of interest, for example, Zelensky was in a bad mood or his wife whispered to him or Poroshenko told him in short: Don’t you dare, this is an internal matter of Ukraine. Ukraine did not want to satisfy some requests like Russia and Well, you wanted to join NATO, I understand correctly, and even now we want A Why then are you being bullied for so long about NATO and are still being bullied and because yes Because look in international structures so the entry of an international structure needs to have certain criteria there in my opinion there shouldn’t be a war Well, some kind of special operations rhetoric that is there are a number of conditions Yes, modernization must come There, the army defined there is brought to the level of NATO there in terms of ranks according to standards. That is, this is a whole system, I understand, it is necessary to rebuild the structure, that is, Just like they don’t take a single country into the European Union, they don’t take it there right away The European Union, that is, the Country must adapt legislation to the European one, adapt some standards to the European one. Well, then it will integrate, like, when did the first talk about NATO start in Ukraine? And even back in the nineties, back in the nineties, why did it take so long? That’s all it seems to me for these Look, there was no political will of a political consensus to enter NATO because we had, for example, 20 years Yes, in the sense of 20 30 already, well, 30 yes 30 yes right away Right after the first day they decided yes after de Well because there were a lot of communists in the Supreme Council in the Verkhovna Rada They didn’t want Russia to influence us not to join NATO And so on for now, look again at the question of how these words of yours justify Russia’s attack, and I said that I don’t justify it. Well, you’re asking me to justify it, not you. said that after all, there is some share of Ukraine’s fault, what is Ukraine’s share of fault, well, look, you’re asking me to justify Russia’s actions, you didn’t ask me, you told me, like, they’re bombing Ukraine. People are dying there, all that stuff, why, like, doing this, no, look, we’re with you thought that Russia is a state Dat but you are a state but you said that Ukraine is also partly to blame for this I’m like you started something about requests then what is Ukraine’s fault Well, it’s trivial to at least stay on normal terms with Russia Wait Stop again ours the fault is that we Russia attacked us because we are guilty that we did not remain on good terms with Russia that I didn’t understand at all Well, rather, well, Russia said that it does not want NATO to come closer to its borders, it’s right for it to expand even more Yeah And if you come in, we will attack you. Yes, well, apparently, apparently, I just can’t imagine how you would feel, if let’s say yours, so to speak, yes, if you were a president, like to your borders. Well, more precisely, there is already NATO and it is expanding So you would understand, that is, I correctly believe that if NATO appeared in any Russian Federation it would be a disaster for Russia yes Well, I know what you are trying to say that there is already NATO on the border of Russia even closer than yes yes yes but apparently, apparently the government didn’t want expansion, not yet those ones. Don’t you think that this is a fairy tale about the expansion of NATO? It’s just a fairy tale, an excuse then listen. I told you that I don’t take any side. Here you are, you’re shaking me like this, just say that Russia Tell me, why are you now starting about NATO, something else in short, well, if you’re no one So you’re trying to get something out of me, no. So you said that Ukraine is also to blame, I’m asking why you’re starting NATO, then you I said that I think that yes, the blame lies on both sides. That is, you are blaming Ukraine. Well, yes, yes, I’m asking. What is sung so, that is, you are blaming. It was possible to avoid the entire war by negotiating some concessions, my favorite topic is if I feel that like, well, something is threatening. I think I always say that everything needs to be resolved diplomatically and through negotiations, come on, I’m Zelensky, you’re Putin, let’s simulate negotiations. What are your demands, I can’t say why I don’t know what his true ones were, you know what correctly there were demands, but Ukraine had to agree, yes. Well, I think that there was an opportunity to agree on what and what demands Russia would have. A peaceful solution to this situation. I don’t know. I think they were clearly Nuki, maybe. For example, I’m even sure, more precisely, that I, for example, I think that Putin is just I wanted Tymoshenko as my wife, and he said that let’s negotiate, for example, you are giving me Tymoshenko in marriage, just like the king once knew the princess there. And that’s all And in short, there won’t be a war, but we said no, we can’t give you away against her will. She says Putin won’t I want to be short with him and that’s it. Well, I don’t know what to say. Let’s give you another wife. How old are you? Not 19 19 you look older 19 maybe it’s still visible that I thought I was older, yeah Well, some crappy thinking is just tough. There’s a final question Question for me No It’s you who mostly have questions no I’m asking if you have any question speak up and win further No no no oh some kind of ideal slavery subscribe to th Telegram right now ovin and pok tse more and more respectfully YouTube busy us through the skarg ORV in the new ban and even more videos I don’t show people sometimes I don’t show information about streams for that in order for me Mali operational link to write directly for apok there in telegra okm video tej tsikava and korisna information and I’m sorry for you trimati sing an operational link, show you about it YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe